Who is the girl?
Ten thousand lives will rise one after another.
Chance. All out of me.
A crime was committed.
A crime was committed. A crime was committed.
A crime was committed. A crime was committed. A crime was committed. A crime was committed. A crime was committed. A crime was committed. A crime was committed. A crime was committed. A crime was committed. A crime was committed. Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong.
Something was wrong. A crime was committed. Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong.
Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong. Something was wrong.
Something was wrong. Something was wrong.
A crime was committed.